High availability, also called HA design is critical and modern systems.
HA systems has standby component's ready in
waiting to takeover supporting your application at a moments notice.
The standby systems have up to the second copies of your data.
Today's platforms are expected to be highly available.
Building for fail over must be considered at
every level of a system and must be part of the initial plan.
Allowing for any individual component to fail and
having a standby system able to take over is no small task.
But HA design allows for platform systems to
remain available regardless of any given server failing.
Customers rely on software as a service systems.
Thus HA design is table stakes,
not only critical infrastructure applications are highly available these days.
Netflix, for example, has highly redundant geographically distributed platform.
In this course, you'll look and going beyond handling individual component failures,
and how you can handle entire data center outrages